Common: Add note about pulldown for FPort on Cube Orange (#4186)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-connecting-sport-fport.rst

.. note:: F7/H7 boards can have the FPort connected to the UARTs RX pin, instead of the TX pin as shown above, and use the UART's SWAP option. F4 boards do not have this SWAP capability See :ref:`common-Fport-receivers` for more information.

> .. note:: If using the Telemetry port on a Cube Orange flight controller, a 10K pulldown resistor is required on the SPort signal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::  some autopilots, like the  Cube Orange flight controller, have level shifters on their UART pins used on their Telemetry ports that require a 10K pulldown resistor externally on the receiver's the SPort signal to work properly. 
```
